README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com">GitHub File Explorer Icons</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/catppuccin/vscode-icons/raw/main/assets/catwalk.webp" width=600/>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="assets/previews/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

The extension is available on the Chrome Web Store, Firefox Add-ons, and Microsoft Edge Add-ons extension stores. Click on your browser's badge below to install.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/catppuccin-gh-file-explorer/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox_Add--ons-f5a97f?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=24273a"></a>
  <a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/catppuccin-for-github-fil/lnjaiaapbakfhlbjenjkhffcdpoompki"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome_Web_Store-b7bdf8?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=24273a"></a>
  <a href="https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/catppuccin-for-github-fil/enicfllfdibbjhnpembomakaamcdcakl"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Edge_Add--ons-7dc4e4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Microsoft-edge&logoColor=24273a"></a>
</p>

> [!NOTE]
> Icons are pulled from [catppuccin/vscode-icons](https://github.com/catppuccin/vscode-icons); please direct any requests for new icons or associations there!

### Manual

See the assets section at the bottom of [the latest release](https://github.com/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons/releases/latest) for pre-compiled zips of the extension. The Chrome zip will work for any Chromium browser (Microsoft Edge, Opera, Arc, etc.).

<details>
<summary>Chrome</summary>

1. Unzip the `catppuccin-github-icons-extension-<version>-chrome.zip` asset from the latest release.
2. Open the Extensions page by navigating to `chrome://extensions`.
3. Enable Developer Mode (if not already enabled) by flipping the toggle switch labeled **Developer mode**.
4. Click the **Load unpacked** button and select the unzipped directory from Step 1.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Firefox</summary>

1. Open the Add-ons page by navigating to `about:addons`.
2. Click the cog/settings icon in line with the "Manage Your Extensions" heading, and select **Debug Add-ons**.
3. Click the **Load Temporary Add-on...** button and select the `catppuccin-github-icons-extension-<version>-firefox.zip` asset from the latest release.

</details>

## 🙋 FAQ

- Q: **_"How can I enable this extension on a custom domain?"_**\
  A: See [fregante.github.io/webext-permission-toggle](https://fregante.github.io/webext-permission-toggle/?name=Catppuccin+for+GitHub+File+Explorer+Icons&icon=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons/main/src/public/icon-128.png).

## 💝 Thanks to

- [uncenter](https://github.com/uncenter)
- [Claudiohbsantos/github-material-icons-extension](https://github.com/Claudiohbsantos/github-material-icons-extension)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

docs(README.md): add contributing, customization sections

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com">GitHub File Explorer Icons</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/catppuccin/vscode-icons/raw/main/assets/catwalk.webp" width=600/>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="assets/previews/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

### Marketplace

The extension is available on the Chrome Web Store, Firefox Add-ons, and Microsoft Edge Add-ons extension stores. Click on your browser's badge below to install.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/catppuccin-gh-file-explorer/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox_Add--ons-f5a97f?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=24273a"></a>
  <a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/catppuccin-for-github-fil/lnjaiaapbakfhlbjenjkhffcdpoompki"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome_Web_Store-b7bdf8?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=24273a"></a>
  <a href="https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/catppuccin-for-github-fil/enicfllfdibbjhnpembomakaamcdcakl"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Edge_Add--ons-7dc4e4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Microsoft-edge&logoColor=24273a"></a>
</p>

### Manual

See the assets section at the bottom of [the latest release](https://github.com/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons/releases/latest) for pre-compiled zips of the extension. The Chrome zip will work for any Chromium browser (Microsoft Edge, Opera, Arc, etc.).

<details>
<summary>Chrome</summary>

1. Unzip the `catppuccin-github-icons-extension-<version>-chrome.zip` asset from the latest release.
2. Open the Extensions page by navigating to `chrome://extensions`.
3. Enable Developer Mode (if not already enabled) by flipping the toggle switch labeled **Developer mode**.
4. Click the **Load unpacked** button and select the unzipped directory from Step 1.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Firefox</summary>

1. Open the Add-ons page by navigating to `about:addons`.
2. Click the cog/settings icon in line with the "Manage Your Extensions" heading, and select **Debug Add-ons**.
3. Click the **Load Temporary Add-on...** button and select the `catppuccin-github-icons-extension-<version>-firefox.zip` asset from the latest release.

</details>

## Customization

This extension aims to provide the same configuration options as [catppuccin/vscode-icons](https://github.com/catppuccin/vscode-icons) does. The flavor of icons, custom associations, as well as the `monochrome` & `specificFolders` options, can be customized in the extension's popup window (click the extension icon in your browser toolbar to reveal the popup).

## 🙋 FAQ

- Q: **_"How can I enable this extension on a custom domain?"_**\
  A: See [fregante.github.io/webext-permission-toggle](https://fregante.github.io/webext-permission-toggle/?name=Catppuccin+for+GitHub+File+Explorer+Icons&icon=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/github-file-explorer-icons/main/src/public/icon-128.png).

## Contributing

See [the contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## 💝 Thanks to

- [uncenter](https://github.com/uncenter)
- [Claudiohbsantos/github-material-icons-extension](https://github.com/Claudiohbsantos/github-material-icons-extension)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>
